Configuring Gmail without proxy does not work (#10626)
demisto/content: Packs/Gmail/ReleaseNotes/1_1_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Gmail

> - Fixed an issue on **test-module** when configuring Gmail with proxy flag = False, 
> the integration still tries to send requests via the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration attempted to send requests via proxy even though the proxy parameter was not checked.
```
